hi my name is Alex Davis I'm a 2016
graduate from south of the secondary
school in Delta British Columbia I'm a
right-handed pitcher and I play outfield
for the North Delta Blue Jays of the bc
premier baseball league my upcoming and
this upcoming season my goals are to
improve my consistency get stronger and
increase my velocity my goals after high
school is to play at a college or
university and improve keep on improving
my academics my contact information is
in the video thank you for taking the
time
our meal
you
I man is Brent brother and recurrent
pitching coach north of double J's I was
a former professional player with
Colorado Rockies and play like any
international team I boat I work with
Alex Davis as his pitching coach this
year I met him for the first time last
year he has a very very lively arm above
average fastball was good sinking good
movement he throws right now we tell me
in 87 to 90 miles an hour it's got a
curveball which apparently trying to
change in a little bit of a baby spider
it was a nice changeup both those
pitches need a little bit of improvement
but as fastball jumps out of his hand
he's got a really quick arm slot you'd
make a good pitcher at a Division one at
CWI school and after talking to Scouts
probably going to get looked at for the
major blood drive thank you and have a
great day